ENH: add procedure to unlock the USER directory on Vida to enable saving the protocol (#496)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-collection/notes-scanning.md

        !!! danger "After three wrong password entries, access will be denied, and only a Siemens engineer will be able to unlock the MR scanner."

>     !!! warning "On the {{settings.mri.models.mri3}}, you need to unlock the _USER_ directory"    
>         To be able to save the protocol on the {{settings.mri.models.mri3}}, you need first to unlock the _USER_ directory.
> 
>         - [ ] Click on the closed lock next to _USER_ (:fontawesome-solid-lock:)
>         - [ ] Fill in the password: {{secrets.login.unlockpass| default("******") }}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    !!! warning "Some protocol folders on {{settings.mri.models.mri3}} are password-protected."
        To be able to save the protocol into a password-protected folder:

        - [ ] Click on the closed-lock icon (:fontawesome-solid-lock:) placed next to the protected folder's name (`RESEARCH/Oscar` on {{settings.mri.models.mri3}})
        - [ ] Type the password into the modal dialog: {{secrets.login.unlockpass_dotcockpit| default("******") }}

```
